What do you understand the term CRUD to mean?

	CRUD Meaning: CRUD is an acronym that comes from the world of computer
 programming and refers to the four functions that are considered necessary to 
implement a persistent
 storage application: create, read, update and delete.


What is your understanding of the term CSRF?

Definition. Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) is an attack that forces
authenticated users to submit a request to a Web application against which
they are currently authenticated.
CSRF attacks exploit the trust a Web application has in an authenticated user.


Do you understand how the project directory is structured in Django?

When you create a Django project, the Django framework itself creates a root
directory of the project with the project name on it. That contains some files and
folder, which provide the very basic functionality to your 
website and on that strong foundation you will be building your full scaled
website.


Could you explain what is meant by models in django?

Django web applications access and manage data through Python objects referred to
as models. Models define the structure of stored data, including the field types
and possibly also their maximum size, default values, 
selection list options, help text for documentation, label text for forms, etc.



The Django template language¶
This document explains the language syntax of the Django template system.
If you’re looking for a more technical perspective on how it works and how
to extend it, see The Django template language: for Python programmers.

Django’s template language is designed to strike a balance between power and ease.
It’s designed to feel comfortable to those used to working with HTML. If you have
 any exposure to other text-based template languages,
 such as Smarty or Jinja2, you should feel right at home with Django’s templates.
	
>>>State what is meant by views in Django.

Django Views are one of the vital participants of MVT Structure of Django. As per
Django Documentation, A view function is a Python function that takes a Web 
request and returns a Web response. This response can be the HTML contents of a
Web page, or a redirect, or a 404error, or an XML document, or an image, anything
that a web browser can display. 

>>>Django ORM>>>
One of the most powerful features of Django is its Object-Relational Mapper (ORM),
which enables you to interact with your database, like you would with SQL. In fact,
Django's ORM is just a pythonical way to create SQL to query and manipulate your
database and get results in a pythonic fashion. 

>>>Could you outline what static files are used for and why they are critical in
django?
Websites generally need to serve additional files such as images, JavaScript, or
 CSS. In Django, we refer to these files as “static files”. Django provides django.
contrib.staticfiles to help you manage them.


>>>url

A clean, elegant URL scheme is an important detail in a high-quality web 
application. Django lets you design URLs however you want, with no framework
limitations.


Could you briefly outline the inheritance styles found in Django?